Clarify trust domain and scheme (#58)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-identifier: draft-ietf-wimse-identifier.md

## Scheme Specific Portion

> This specification does not define additional structure or semantics for the Workload Identifier beyond the generic URI syntax and the trust domain carried in the authority component. By default, trust domains are opaque strings defined within the scope of a scheme. A particular scheme may define additional semantics for the trust domain. The same trust domain may have different meaning within different schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification does not define additional structure or semantics for the Workload Identifier beyond the generic URI syntax and the trust domain carried in the authority component. Trust domains are opaque strings formatted according to {{Section 3.2.2 of URI}}. A particular scheme may define additional semantics and constraints for the trust domain. The same trust domain may have different meaning within different schemes.
```

I think "by default" can be misleading.
